accordion|organ: Musicians play the organ.
airplane: The pilot is flying the airplane.
alligator: An alligator is eating a person.
ambulance: The ambulance is rescuing a person.
anchor: A boat has an anchor.
ant: An ant is crawling on the ground.
apartment: The family lives in an apartment.
apple: The child is eating an apple.
apron: The cook is wearing an apron.
armour: The knight is wearing armour.
ashtray|tray: The smoker is using a tray.
asparagus: The chef is cooking asparagus.
avocado|squash: The child is eating a squash.
axe: The lumberjack is using an axe.
bag: The items are in the bag.
bagpipe: Musicians play the bagpipe.
ball: The children are playing with the ball.
balloon: The balloon is flying.
banana: The child is eating a banana.
banjo: Musicians play the banjo.
banner: The banner is hanging on the wall.
barn: The animals are in the barn.
barrel: The items are in the barrel.
basement: The house has a basement.
basket: The items are in the basket.
bat_(animal): The bat lives in a cave.
bat_(baseball): The player is holding a bat.
bathtub|tub: The tub is full of water.
baton|rod: The sports fan is holding a rod.
bayonet|weapon: The sharp weapon is attached to the rifle.
bazooka|rocket: The soldier is holding a hand-held rocket.
beans: The family is eating beans.
bear: The bear lives in the forest.
beaver: The beaver is swimming in the river.
bed: The person is sleeping on the bed.
bedroom: The bed is in the bedroom.
beehive|nest: Bees live in a nest.
beetle: A beetle is crawling on the ground.
beets: The farmer grows beets.
belt: The man is wearing a belt.
bench: People are sitting on the bench.
bike: The child is riding a bike.
bin_(waste): People throw trash in the bin.
birch: The birch is growing in the forest.
biscuit: The child is eating a biscuit.
bison|animal: The herd animal lives in the plains.
blackbird|bird: The black bird is flying in the sky.
blender|whisk: The chef is using a whisk.
blouse: The woman is wearing a blouse.
blueberry: The child is eating a blueberry.
bluejay|bird: The blue bird is flying in the sky.
board_(black): The teacher is writing on the board.
board_(wood): The carpenter is cutting the board.
boat: The boat is in the water.
bolts: The wood is attached with bolts.
bomb: The airplane is carrying a bomb.
book: The student is reading a book.
bookcase: The book is on the bookcase.
boots: The man is wearing boots.
bottle: The bottle is full of water.
bouquet|flowers: The woman is holding flowers.
bow_(ribbon): The woman is wearing a bow.
bow_(weapon): The soldier is holding a bow.
bowl: The bowl is full of cereal.
box: The items are in the box.
bra: The woman is wearing a bra.
bracelet: The woman is wearing a bracelet.
bread: The child is eating bread.
brick: The house is made of brick.
bridge: The car is crossing the bridge.
broccoli: The child hates broccoli.
broom: The maid is using a broom.
brush: The woman is using a brush.
bucket: The items are in the bucket.
buckle: There is a buckle on the belt.
budgie: The budgie is flying in the sky.
buffalo: The buffalo lives in the plains.
buggy: The family is riding in a buggy.
building: The people work in a building.
bull: The bull is chasing the man.
bullet: There is a bullet in the gun.
bungalow|dwelling: The family lives in a dwelling.
bureau: The bureau is next to the bed.
bus: People are riding the bus.
butterfly: The butterfly is flying in the garden.
buzzard: The buzzard is eating an animal.
cabbage: The cabbage is growing in the garden.
cabin: The family lives in a cabin.
cabinet: The food is in the cabinet.
cage: The lion is in a cage.
cake: The child is eating cake.
calf: The calf lives on a farm.
camel|llama: The llama lives in the desert.
camisole|top: The woman is wearing a tank top.
canary|songbird: The girl has a pet songbird.
candle: The person is lighting a candle.
cannon: The soldiers are carrying a cannon.
canoe: The canoe is floating down the river.
cantaloupe|melon: The child is eating an orange melon.
cap_(bottle): The cap is on the bottle.
cap_(hat): The man is wearing a cap.
cape: The boy is wearing a cape.
car: The family is riding in the car.
card_(greeting): The woman sent her mother a card.
caribou|reindeer: The reindeer lives in the forest
carpet: The floor is made of carpet.
carrot: The woman is eating a carrot.
cart: The horse is pulling a cart.
cat: The cat is sleeping on the floor.
catapult|pitcher: The soldiers are loading the pitcher.
caterpillar|worm: The hairy worm is crawling on the ground.
catfish: The catfish is swimming in the lake.
cathedral: The priest is in the cathedral.
cauliflower|broccoli: The farmer grows white broccoli.
cedar: The cedar is growing in the forest.
celery: The child is eating celery.
cellar: The wine is in the cellar.
cello|violin: Musicians play the large violin.
certificate: The doctor has a certificate.
chain: The metal chain is hanging on the wall.
chair: The person is sitting in a chair.
chandelier: The chandelier is hanging from the ceiling.
chapel: The priest is in the chapel.
cheese: The child is eating cheese.
cheetah: The cheetah lives in the plains.
cherry: The child is eating a cherry.
chickadee: The chickadee is flying in the sky.
chicken: The chicken lives on a farm.
chimp|monkey: The monkey lives in the jungle.
chipmunk|squirrel: The small squirrel is in a tree.
chisel: The artist is using a chisel.
church: The priest is in the church.
cigar: The man is smoking a cigar.
cigarette: The woman is smoking a cigarette.
clam: The clam lives on the ocean floor.
clamp: The clamp is holding the boards together.
clarinet: Musicians play the clarinet.
cloak: The man is wearing a cloak.
clock: The clock is on the wall.
closet: The clothes are in the closet.
coat: The woman is wearing a coat.
cockroach: The cockroach is crawling on the ground.
coconut: The coconut is growing in a tree.
cod: The cod is swimming in the water.
coin: The customer has a coin.
colander: The cook is using a colander.
comb: The man is using a comb.
cork: The bottle is sealed with a cork.
corkscrew|screw: The waiter opened the bottle with a screw.
corn: The farmer grows corn.
cottage: The family lives in a cottage.
couch: The person is sleeping on the couch.
cougar|lion: The mountain lion lives in the mountains.
cow: The cow lives on a farm. 
coyote: The coyote lives in the desert.
crab: The crab lives in the ocean.
cranberry: The cranberry is growing in a bush.
crane_(machine): The workers used a crane.
crayon: The child is using a crayon.
crocodile: The crocodile is eating a person.
crossbow|bow: The hunter is using a cross bow.
crow: The crow is flying in the sky.
crowbar: The worker is using a crowbar.
crown: The king is wearing a crown.
cucumber: The man is eating a cucumber.
cup: The water is in the cup.
cupboard: There is food in the cupboard.
curtains: The person closed the curtains.
cushion: There is a cushion on the chair.
dagger|blade: The assassin used a blade.
dandelion: The dandelion is growing in a field 
deer: The deer is eating plants.
desk: The student is sitting at a desk.
dish: The food is on a dish.
dishwasher: The plates are in the dishwasher.
dog: The family has a pet dog.
doll: The girl has a doll.
dolphin: The dolphin lives in the ocean.
donkey: The donkey lives on a farm.
door: The person opened the door.
doorknob: The person turned the doorknob.
dove: The dove is flying in the sky.
drain: The water is going down the drain.
drapes: The drapes are covering the window.
dress: The woman is wearing a dress.
dresser: The clothes are in the dresser.
drill: The worker is using a drill.
drum: The musician is playing the drum.
duck: The duck is sitting in a pond.
dunebuggy|buggy: The family is riding in a dune buggy.
eagle: The eagle is flying in the sky.
earmuffs|covers: The child is wearing ear covers.
eel: The eel is swimming in the water.
eggplant|plant: The man is eating an egg plant.
elephant: The elephant lives in a zoo.
elevator: The people are riding the elevator.
elk: The elk lives in the forest.
emerald: There is an emerald on the necklace.
emu|bird: The large bird lives in the desert.
envelope: The letter is in an envelope.
escalator: The people are riding the escalator.
falcon: The falcon is flying in the sky.
fan_(appliance): The fan is on the ceiling.
faucet|valve: The woman is turning on the sink valve.
fawn: The fawn lives in the forest.
fence: The yard is surrounded by a fence.
finch: The finch is flying in the sky.
flamingo|bird: The large, pink bird is sitting in the water.
flea: The flea is on the dog.
flute: Musicians play the flute.
football: The boys are throwing a football.
fork: The woman is eating with a fork.
fox: The hunter is chasing the fox.
freezer: The food is in the freezer.
fridge: The food is in the fridge.
frog: The frog is jumping in the forest.
garage: The car is in the garage.
garlic: The food contains garlic.
gate: The gate is locked.
giraffe: The giraffe lives in a zoo.
gloves: The child is wearing gloves.
goat: The goat lives in the mountains.
goldfish: The goldfish is in a bowl.
goose: The goose is flying in the sky.
gopher|rodent: The large rodent lives in the ground.
gorilla: The gorilla lives in the jungle.
gown: The woman is wearing a gown.
grape: The child is eating a grape.
grapefruit|fruit: The child is eating a grape fruit.
grasshopper: The grasshopper is in the grass.
grater|utensil: The chef is using a utensil for grating.
grenade: The soldier is carrying a grenade.
groundhog|hog: The ground hog lives in the ground.
guitar: Musicians play the guitar.
gun: The soldier is carrying a gun.
guppy|fish: The small fish lives in a bowl.
hammer: The worker is using a hammer.
hamster: The hamster lives in a cage.
hare: The hare is hopping on the ground.
harmonica: Musicians play the harmonica.
harp|fiddle: Musicians play the fiddle.
harpoon|spear: The fisherman is using a spear.
harpsichord|instrument: Musicians pluck this keyboard instrument.
hatchet: The hunter is carrying a hatchet.
hawk: The hawk is flying in the sky.
helicopter: The pilot is flying a helicopter.
helmet: The biker is wearing a helmet.
hoe: The farmer is using a hoe.
honeydew|melon: The child is eating a green melon.
hook: The fish is caught on a hook.
hornet|bee: The bee stung the boy.
horse: The person is riding a horse.
hose: The fireman is using a hose.
hose_(leggings): The woman is wearing hose.
house: The family lives in a house.
housefly|fly: The fly is flying through the room.
hut: The family lives in a hut.
hyena: The hyena lives in a zoo.
iguana: The girl has a pet iguana.
inn: The family is staying in an inn.
jacket: The man is wearing a jacket.
jar: The food is kept in a jar.
jeans: The boy is wearing jeans.
jeep|vehicle: The man drives a sport utility vehicle.
jet: The pilot is flying a jet.
kettle: The water is in the kettle.
key: The key fits in the lock.
keyboard_(musical): Musicians play the keyboard.
kite: The child is flying a kite.
knife: The hunter is carrying a knife.
ladle|spoon: The cook is using a large spoon
lamb: The lamb lives on a farm.
lamp: The man turned on the lamp.
lantern: The lantern is in the tent.
lemon: The lemon is growing in a tree.
leopard: The leopard lives in a zoo.
leotards|suit: The dancer is wearing a body suit.
lettuce: The rabbit is eating lettuce.
level: The worker is using a level.
lime: The lime is growing in a tree.
limousine: The actor is riding in a limousine.
lion: The lion lives in a zoo.
lobster: The lobster lives in the ocean.
machete: The hunter is carrying a machete.
mackerel: The mackerel lives in the ocean.
magazine: The woman is reading a magazine.
mandarin|orange: The small orange is growing in a tree.
marble: The child is playing with a marble.
mat: There is a mat on the floor.
medal: The athlete is wearing a medal.
menu: The customer is looking at the menu.
microscope: The scientist is using a microscope.
microwave: The food is cooking in the microwave.
mink: The mink is running from the hunter.
mink_(coat): The woman is wearing mink.
minnow: The minnow is swimming in the water.
mirror: The man is looking in the mirror.
missile: The soldier is launching a missile.
mittens: The child is wearing mittens.
mixer|appliance: The chef is using an appliance for mixing.
mole_(animal)|rodent: This blind rodent lives in the ground.
moose: The moose lives in the woods.
moth: The moth is flying towards the light.
motorcycle: The man is riding a motorcycle.
mouse: The mouse is hiding in the wall.
mouse_(computer): The woman is clicking on the mouse.
mug: The mug is full of coffee.
mushroom: The mushroom is growing in the forest.
muzzle|gag: The dog is wearing a gag.
napkin: The woman is using a napkin.
necklace: The woman is wearing a necklace.
nectarine|orange: The child is eating a small orange.
nightgown|gown: The woman is wearing a night gown.
nightingale: The nightingale is flying in the sky.
nylons|nylon: The clothes are made of nylon.
oak: The oak is growing in the forest.
octopus: The octopus lives in the ocean.
olive: The man is eating an olive.
onions|onion: The chef is cooking with onion.
orange: The child is eating an orange.
oriole|songbird: The small songbird is flying in the sky.
ostrich: The ostrich lives in a zoo.
otter: The otter is swimming in the water.
oven: The food is in the oven.
owl: The owl is sitting in a tree.
ox: The ox is pulling a cart.
paintbrush: The artist is using a paintbrush.
pajamas: The child is wearing pajamas.
pan: The chef is cooking with a pan.
panther|cat: The large black cat lives in the jungle.
pants: The man is wearing pants.
parakeet|parrot: The parrot is in a cage.
parka: The person is wearing a parka.
parsley|herb: The chef is using the herb in the dish.
partridge|bird: The small game bird is flying in the sky.
peach: The child is eating a peach.
peacock: The peacock is showing its feathers.
pear: The child is eating a pear.
pearl: There is a pearl on the necklace.
peas: The child is eating peas.
peg|hook: The coat is hanging on a hook.
pelican|bird: The large bird is hunting for fish in the water.
pen: The author is using a pen.
pencil: The student is using a pencil.
penguin: The penguin is sitting in the snow.
pepper: The cook is using pepper.
perch: The perch is swimming in the water.
pheasant: The pheasant is flying in the sky.
piano: Musicians play the piano.
pickle: The woman is eating a pickle.
pie: The child is eating pie.
pier: The boat is at the pier.
pig: The pig lives on a farm.
pigeon: The pigeon is flying in the sky.
pillow: There is a pillow on the bed.
pin: There is a pin in the cushion.
pine: The pine is growing in the forest.
pineapple: The child is eating pineapple.
pipe_(plumbing): There is water in the pipe.
pipe_(smoking): The man is smoking a pipe.
pistol: The officer is carrying a pistol.
plate: There is food on the plate.
platypus|mammal: This egg-laying mammal is swimming in the water.
pliers: The worker is using pliers.
plug_(electric): The appliance is connected to the plug.
plum: The child is eating a plum.
pony: The pony lives on a farm.
porcupine: The porcupine lives in the forest.
pot: The chef is using a pot.
potato: The chef is preparing a potato.
projector: The theater has a projector.
prune: The child is eating a prune.
pumpkin: The child is carving a pumpkin.
pyramid: The pyramid is in the desert.
python|snake: The large snake is hunting a rabbit.
rabbit: The rabbit is running from the snake.
raccoon|animal: The animal is eating trash.
racquet|racket: The athlete is using a racket.
radio: The man is listening to the radio.
radish: The woman is eating a radish.
raft: The raft is floating in the water.
raisin: The child is eating a raisin.
rake: The worker is using a rake.
raspberry: The child is eating a raspberry.
rat: The rat is hiding in the kitchen.
rattle: The baby has a rattle.
rattlesnake: The rattlesnake is hunting a rabbit.
raven: The raven is flying in the sky.
razor: The man is shaving with a razor.
revolver|pistol: The burglar is carrying a small, old-fashioned pistol.
rhubarb: The chef is cooking rhubarb.
rice: The farmer grows rice.
rifle: The soldier is carrying a rifle. 
ring_(jewelry): The woman is wearing a ring.
robe: The man is wearing a robe.
robin: The robin is flying in the sky.
rock: The boy threw a rock.
rocker: The man is sitting in a rocker.
rocket: The astronauts are flying in a rocket.
rooster|chicken: The male chicken lives on a farm.
rope: The rope is attached to a post.
ruler: The student is using a ruler.
sack: The items are in the sack.
saddle: The saddle is on the horse.
sailboat: The sailboat is floating in the ocean.
salamander|amphibian: The small amphibian lives in a pond.
salmon: The salmon is swimming in the river.
sandals: The man is wearing sandals.
sandpaper|paper: The worker is using sand paper.
sardine: The sardine is in a can.
saucer: The cup is on the saucer.
saxophone|instrument: Musicians play this clarinet-like instrument.
scarf: The woman is wearing a scarf.
scissors: The child is using scissors.
scooter: The child is riding on a scooter.
screwdriver|driver: The worker is using a screw driver.
screws|screw: The board is attached with a screw.
seagull: The seagull is flying in the sky.
seal: The seal is swimming in the water.
seaweed: There is seaweed on the beach.
shack: The family lives in a shack.
shawl|cloth: The woman is wearing a cape-like cloth.
shed: The tools are in the shed.
sheep: The sheep lives on a farm.
shell: The shell is on the beach.
shelves: There is food on the shelves.
shield: The soldier is carrying a shield.
ship: The sailors are on the ship.
shirt: The man is wearing a shirt.
shoes: The woman is wearing shoes.
shotgun: The hunter is carrying a shotgun.
shovel: The worker is using a shovel.
shrimp: The shrimp lives in the ocean.
sink: There is water in the sink.
skateboard|board: The boy is riding a board for skating.
skillet|pan: The chef is using a frying pan.
skirt: The woman is wearing a skirt.
skis: The man is wearing skis.
skunk: The skunk lives in the forest.
skyscraper: There is a skyscraper in the city.
sled: The girl is riding on a sled.
sledgehammer|hammer: The worker is using a sledge hammer.
sleigh: The child is riding on a sleigh.
slingshot|sling: The boy is shooting rocks with a sling.
slippers: The woman is wearing slippers.
snail: The snail lives in its shell.
socks: The person is wearing socks.
sofa: The sofa is in the living room.
spade: The gardener is using a spade.
sparrow: The sparrow is flying in the sky.
spatula|utensil: Chefs use this utensil for scraping.
spear: The soldier is carrying a spear.
spider: The spider is crawling on the ground.
spinach: The child is eating spinach.
spoon: The man is eating with a spoon.
squid: The squid lives in the ocean.
squirrel: The squirrel is in a tree.
starling|bird: The small, colorful bird is flying in the sky.
stereo: Music is playing through the stereo.
stick: The stick fell off the tree.
stone: There is a stone on the ground.
stool_(furniture): The person is sitting on the stool.
stork|bird: This large bird is said to deliver babies.
stove: The food is cooking in the stove.
strainer|tool: Cooks use this tool to strain out water.
strawberry: The child is eating a strawberry.
submarine: The sailors are on the submarine.
subway: The passengers are riding the subway.
surfboard|board: The man is riding on a surf board.
swan: The swan is sitting in the water.
sweater: The woman is wearing a sweater.
swimsuit|suit: The man is wearing a bathing suit.
sword: The soldier is carrying a sword.
table: The food is on the table.
tack: The paper is attached with a tack.
tangerine|orange: The child is eating a small orange..
tank_(army): The soldiers are riding in a tank.
tank_(container): The tank is full of water.
tap: The water is coming out of the tap.
tape_(scotch): The paper is attached with tape. 
taxi: The passengers are riding in a taxi.
telephone: The people are talking on the telephone.
tent: The campers are in the tent.
thermometer: The doctor is using a thermometer.
thimble|guard: The woman is sewing with a finger guard.
tie: The man is wearing a tie.
tiger: The tiger lives in a zoo.
toad: The toad is sitting in the water.
toaster|appliance: This small appliance is used for toasting bread.
toilet: The toilet is in the bathroom.
tomahawk|axe: The hunter is carrying a small, single-handed axe.
tomato: The chef is cutting a tomato.
tongs: The cook is using tongs.
tortoise: The tortoise lives in a zoo.
toy: The child is playing with a toy.
tractor: The farmer is driving a tractor. 
trailer: The campers are in the trailer.
train: The train is carrying supplies.
tray: The food is on the tray.
tricycle|toy: This bicycle-like toy with an additional wheel is ridden by children.
tripod: The camera is on a tripod.
trolley: The trolley is on the tracks.
trombone: Musicians play the trombone.
trousers: The man is wearing trousers.
trout: The trout is swimming in the water.
truck: The truck is carrying cargo.
trumpet: Musicians play the trumpet.
tuba: Musicians play the tuba.
tuna: The tuna is swimming in the water.
turkey: The turkey lives on a farm.
turnip: The chef is cooking a turnip.
turtle: The turtle lives in a zoo.
typewriter|writer: The author is writing his novel on a type writer.
umbrella: The woman is carrying an umbrella.
unicycle|toy: This bicycle-like toy with a single wheel is ridden by clowns.
urn|vessel: The ashes are in a small vessel.
van: The man is driving a van.
veil: The woman is wearing a veil.
vest: The person is wearing a vest.
vine: A vine is growing on the tree.
violin: Musicians play the violin.
vulture|bird: This large bird eats dead animals.
wagon: The horses are pulling a wagon.
wall: The wall is made of wood.
walnut: The person is eating a walnut.
walrus: The walrus is swimming in the water.
wand: The magician is using a wand.
wasp|insect: This large, bee-like insect causes painful stings.
whale: The whale lives in the ocean.
wheel: The wheel is on the car.
wheelbarrow: The worker is using a wheelbarrow.
whip: The cowboy is carrying a whip.
whistle: The coach is blowing a whistle.
willow: The willow is growing by the pond.
woodpecker|bird: This bird drills holes in trees to find food.
worm: The worm lives in the ground.
wrench: The worker is using a wrench.
yacht: The family is sailing on a yacht.
yam: The chef is cooking a yam.
zebra: The zebra is running from the lion.
zucchini|squash: The cook is cutting up a green squash.
