A woman is captured midair into her leap with pyramids in the background.
the shadow silhouette of a woman standing near the water looking at a large attraction on the other side.
The people were talking about a game.
A young man is using gloves to control a device with wires in it.
The kids watched as the soda bottle launched into the air.
The t-shirt is blue.
A man playing a unique violin while looking up at the ceiling.
Two men are dressed in makeup
A man balances a ball on a Japanese umbrella.
Couple watching the moon on a bridge.
A person is climbing.
A young child sits on some pillows with a green tray of chopped-up food in front of him.
The scooters are electric.
A bunch of people are walking in a crowded area.
The people are camping in the woods.
A woman sits in a blue chair outside a brick house.
A boy looking at pictures in a book.
Man playing the piano
A man wearing chuck taylor shoes and a tan shirt attempts to break free from a straitjacket in front of a crowd
A black woman is on the payphone, ordering pizza
The dancing couple is married
a man and woman eating tv dinners
Two men making dance moves as a woman films the event in the living room of a house or apartment.
2 rows of woman walking towards each other on the sidewalk outside of a store with a boy 50% sign on the golden framed windows.
Several bicycles lie smashed on the ground and a couple stands holding sledgehammers.
A man in a blue shirt and a man helps the cyclist while the man in the gray jacket watches.
A young lady climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch
The young man is lying in bed with a cold.
Seagulls are flying above the crashing waves.
A young boy is in a field with a lawn mower.
A jockey in blue gallops a chestnut horse on a dirt track past a wooden fence.
A kid falls off a staircase
A man is conducting business outside of a store.
Her friends are telling her to hurry up and put her jacket on.
A woman with tattoos and a black t-shirt smiles and talks to a man with a partially shaved head wearing shirt with the words' hippie killer' in white letters on it.
A child participates in trampoline practice.
The person in a yellow shirt is outdoors.
A soccer game with multiple males playing.
The jeep is blue.
A man is standing in coconuts while trying to open one.
Two men, two children, and a woman all sitting down near a stand filled with purses.
A person wearing a robe and a pointed hat is holding a basket of bananas.
A young boy wearing safety swimming gear and goggles is in a pool.
A man wearing blue jeans and a black shirt is talking to a man wearing white shorts while they are sitting outside in folding chairs on a patio.
The men are riding horses.
A young girl in red pants looks at a window mannequin as people walk past.
A female is smoking while having her picture taken.
A woman wearing an apron is preparing a meal.
a man holding a bottle of wine with a box on his head
a group of people are wearing costumes
Two people in line to buy icecream.
A blond woman in a white cutoff shirt and jeans is walking.
The girl is a goalie for her soccer team.
A shirtless man is sitting on a chair on the sidewalk reading a book.
Graffiti on the side of an Asian warehouse.
Two firemen beside their fire engine.
The little girl in yellow is touching the dad who has shaving cream on his face.
A woman is cooking.
The young man is sleeping while the Mom is driving her daughter to the park.
A group of people on the beach with cameras.
A little girl in a pink jacket is walking.
The motorcyclist race on the course.
Mom is taking a family photo.
People not standing in line
A person writing something on a newspaper.
The women are dating.
A mother is walking with a child.
Three people walking down a hallway at the train station.
While some people look in the barn, others walk on the bridge and some are enjoying cooling off in the water by the beach.
A human drinking
Two dancers in azure appear to be performing in an alleyway.
a dog sleeps
A black and white dog playing with a broken volleyball
The woman is walking to buy new clothes.
The Yankees are at practice.
A pale dog runs down a path.
Two soldiers order an elderly warlord to surrender.
A child in a red jacket, waist deep in a pit on the beach.
A couple is looking for a house.
People watching hot air balloons inflating.
Two people sit facing away in a downtown scene with a motorcycle parked in front of a pool
There are at least 2 people.
A young child with dark shoulder length hair, in a yellow shirt and pink pants, is walking eating cheerios out of a ziplock bag.
Two women with badges are watching something.
A group of men are learning English
A boy is dancing with his friend.
Some men walk near the tracks.
A middle-aged man in a bicycle race trying his hardest on the sand surrounded by watching crowd.
A woman in a purple sweater is getting her hair done
Someone is holding something heavy outside.
Three women are sitting on a wharf and kicking their feet in the water.
A person is on a boat.
The group of men are workers.
Two people standing in front of a waterfall scenery.
The white basketball player tries to get the ball from the black player, but he cannot get it.
A bunch of people are watching a man with his left arm wrapped around the legs of his downed, struggling wrestling opponent on a blue mat.
The man and woman are dating.
Two women are embracing while holding to go packages.
A classroom full of men, with the teacher up front.
Elegantly dressed in black, a man and woman embrace in dance.
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth.
These people are in the desert.
Man walking in front of Queen and Portland Lofts and Condominiums.
A woman brushes her teeth.
two pedestrians walk on a cobblestone road past a cafe in France
A man holds a fish alone in the woods.
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes.
A music conductor is leading his orchestra in a grand hall, where an audience is watching the performance.
A woman looking through what appears to be a telescope.
Two competitors in the last leg of a race, strong legs, long strides to the end.
Man dressed in business casual attire playing the tenor saxophone with the rest of a band.
The lady is old and ugly.
The orchestra plays in the concert hall.
A woman with a beautiful dress and matching umbrella is walking down the street carrying a purse on her arm.
A man is sitting outside wearing blue pants.
A gymnast is strecthing before the match.
Skier wearing red walking up a snowy hillside.
Two children are looking for something to do.
Several runners compete in a bike race.
Several people standing in front of a pile of snow in front of a house, with one person shoveling.
A group of females are sitting down on a bench.
Three women, two wearing red shirts and one wearing a purple shirt, and a man, wearing a light blue shirt, jump on a basketball court with balls in their hands.
The people are all standing next to the railing.
A man in a suit walks through a train station.
The biker in black leather has spiky blond hair.
2 woman walking down the street next to graffiti
Many people are smiling as they gather in a room.
A bridal party is posing for a picture outdoors.
There is a tent on a beach.
A man is playing with a baby on a deck.
This man is trying to make his wife laugh by blowing bubbles in the bathtub.
The boy is waiting to surprise a friend.
An Asian woman is looking at the camera while trimming asparagus.
An elderly saxophonist performing at an outdoor event.
This car is leaving a dust trail as it travels along a dirt road in a wooded area.
I think this lady is waiting for a cab.
A blond has a back pack over her arm with tiny skulls on it.
A man and a girl sit inside a floating tube in the water.
The drummer is performing.
Nobody is trying to fish.
Children standing and climbing near a fountain.
The man works for the campy supply company "Camden".
A little red haired boy running down a hill.
The girl is spelling out her favorite words with colored letters.
Two women walking.
Two Asian children, a boy and a girl, the girl looking squarely at the camera and the boy making a face.
The girl plays on the shore.
A man punches another man.
A man wearing a blue sweatshirt and a white hard hat is working on a construction project.
a woman is napping on her ride home.
A man in a restaurant having lunch.
A father and son watch television together.
The man with the unkempt hair is scaring the lady near him.
Seven men wearing bright orange reflective vests are looking inside the door of a red train.
A squatting couple outdoors, engaged with a kneeling street performer or vendor reading from a book of manga.
Masked actors perform traditional Japanese theater.
The people are in a unicycle race.
Five people are sitting on horses at a rodeo.
Two children, standing among grass, are putting their arms out and are smiling.
There is a redhaired child smiling for a picture.
A group of people are posing as though flung back by the shock wave of someone punching the ground.
The baseball player is playing hockey.
Two people run around a track.
A woman in black pants is looking at her cellphone.
A man is standing next to a bin overflowing with garbage.
A man in a restaurant having lunch.
A man in a checkered shirt pushes a red bin in front of him while wearing something on his head.
The man is walking his pet dinosaur.
A man in a gray long-sleeved shirt is making a transaction with another person from his street market.
A couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera.
Man wearing dark clothes walks down a street with a wall of graffiti to his left.
A young woman and some friends at a party.
Two blond people are sitting in a park having a conversation.
a dog chases another dog.
An Asian woman in a red skirt sits near the ground with another woman standing next to her.
Two cats are playing.
Two dogs run to catch a bone.
Older lady checking out her goods at the check-out counter.
A woman is doing a cartwheel.
Elderly man painting a picture with a small paintbrush.
Two women wearing skirts and heels walking down a sidewalk.
Students watch their school's mascot.
A large group of people are gathered outside of a brick building lit with spotlights.
A boy cooking on a grill.
A man in a black shirt sits next to an old woman in a pink shirt on a train.
A man talks on his iphone.
A man in swimming trunks kicking a ball at the beach.
The man is young
A bald man is watching tennis.
A girl in a purple tutu dances in the yard.
Kids are working on art.
A woman sits at a picnic table near the rocky shore.
Musicians are performing on stage.
A woman riding a bike in the park.
A motorcycle rider is making a sharp turn.
A child is sitting on a bar stool.
Two people are in a green forest.
Several male curling players sweeping their path on ice in front of a rock as a small crowd watches.
A woman in a poky dot jacket jumping in the snow with shopping bags on both of her wrists a city.
Man dog sledding with his child in the icy snow.
